Truly the best to ever play the sport.
Oh yes. I remember it quite well.
Just like when I was a P.O.W in Vietnam.
GansleyBOT is the pinnacle of modern technology, brought to you by @Wizardy , truly the best to ever write the code.
Anime Campaign was a mistake.
In all fairness it was my first case as a senior partner at Gansley&Gansley.
My my, an Epithet cuffs. I haven't seen these bad babies in years.
Let me just swizzle my dizzle.
A perfectly average swizzling.
I choose not to comment further on that obvious double entandre.
Back to sapping the nourishment.
I haven't seen real food since I've been locked up here, however these strange healing huts prevent me from achieving the sweet release of death.
Well Dan Gansley rolls the dice and Dan gansley is the house.
Yes, indeed, very nice. Supple and muscular. I haven't seen such a fine wrist in many a year. It takes me back to the old wrist competitions of '84.
Yes, Wristy McGee was the winner. Truly the finest ever to play the sport.
I'm afraid all of us have demons that we must face. In your case the demon is this strange beheaded man.
Did you say you can create gold?
I see you didn't actually deactivate the extremely difficult security system.
He doesn't have the power of an epithet. All he has is the power of some very nice wrists.
I guess it just comes with the bussiness of being Dan Gansley.
I tried to cheat on my taxes by claiming to earn all my income from the country of Gansleystan. It didn't actually lower my tax burden, I just assumed cheating on taxes would save me money somehow.
According to the Warden, I have commited literally every crime.
There he goes. Puffing through the sky like the ghost train of the night. Truly a wonderful sight.
Reminds me of how they do it in the Mongolian mafia.
Looks like they forgot about old Dan Gansley.
Persian and Periwinkle blue. I know a man in Bejrut who would pay handsomely for these.
Well, well. The wheel has turned around and now it has landed on Dander Gansley.
Dan Gansley, going for his redemption arc. Don't worry, this time it's fool proof.
You know friend, I am a profesional Firefighter. And the way I fight fires is paying people not to start them. Perhaps a few of these Gansley bucks would convince you to look the other way.
It was all an elaborate ruse!
It brings a tear to Dan Gansley's eye. It is just such a profound admiration.
Looks like you got the Gansleys own luck.
Ah, the old cloud swifer. It's been many a year since I've seen that technique pulled out at such a crucial moment.
Don't worry friends. Dan Gansley is on the job.
Dander von Gansley
It's a fucking Christmas miracle.
Well that's just between me and the Drug Enforcement Bureau.
Dan Gansley is gonna be nothing but on the up and up from here on out.
I can see the situation is dire. There is no way for us to escape unless Dan Gansley takes action.
It is time for me to make up for my mistake. I created you and now I send you back unto the void.
Alright. Dan Gansley's work here is done. Woop woop woop woop
Now that my arch nemesis has been defeated, I can finally depart this realm whole.
Dan Gansley has fallen to his death.
Statistically speaking it's most likely Dan Gansley's fault.
I sold cocaine that was really just pixie sticks.
You can support GansleyBOT by buying @Wizardy#5217  a coffee => ko-fi.com/wizardy