zero line
Nice crit fail. Caster reveals their epithet or core word and loses 1d4 proficiency.
Receive night vision.
Lay an egg.
Gain the irresistible urge to eat your weapon.
Summon your spirit animal.
A terrible assassin has spawned somewhere and will attempt to kill you at some point in the campaign.
A terrible knock-off version of your favorite Anime Campaign character is summoned.
Fall in love with the person closest to you.
Fall in love with the person furthest from you.
Fall in love with the person who hates you the most.
Summon a clone of yourself that is always mean.
Target has a vivid flashback revealing their dark backstory.
Speak in only old-timey Shakespearean.
Speak only in rhyme.
Ripples of force continuously push out from a target, making them impossible to approach
Two random targets are attracted to each other like magnets
Target’s Epithet becomes “Barrier” for the remainder of this conflict.
Target acts like they are being affected by an earthquake no one else can feel.
Target becomes a muppet
Target can no longer tell lies.
Target suspects that random inanimate objects are speaking behind their back.
The dreaded Shadow Cop appears and attacks the most unjust target in sight.
Target is trapped doing a bad impersonation of the person nearest to them.
Target is compelled to reveal a dark secret
Target is determined to commit a multitude of harmless pranks
All of the target’s weapons turn into bees until the end of combat.
Target is electrified. Any physical contact results in 4 electrical damage.
Target is now famous.
Target loses one of their five senses.
Target insists on resolving any ongoing conflict through a children’s card game.
Target briefly becomes a ghost.
Target starts sweating literal bullets
A marching band of mice lives in the target’s pockets
Target can’t help but answer questions as incorrectly as possible on purpose.
Target’s proficiency and stamina are swapped for the duration of the combat.
Your hair grows long and gorgeous, so much so that it is distracting.
Switch bodies with the nearest person.
You are now wearing a distracting colorful hat. No you cannot take it off.
5 toy ducklings mistake the target for their mother
Target’s hands are covered in glue
Target can now seamlessly climb walls and ceilings.
Target begins vibrantly glowing and cannot be directly looked at.
Target becomes convinced they are incredibly knowledgeable about a subject they know nothing about.
A tireless insurance salesman appears and is absolutely determined to make a sale
Target can now stretch their arms up to 15 feet in length.
Target becomes nervous that other people have figured out they are actually a robot.
Target’s clothes begin to scream.
Target must end every sentence with a randomly selected word
All of the target’s limbs become detachable
Target is convinced they are invincible until the end of combat.
1 of target’s body turns into a sexy golden statue.
Target loses the ability to lie
Target becomes convinced they are a pawn in a massive conspiracy
Target now has an inexplicable yet harmless hole through their stomach.
Target’s life briefly turns into a game show.
Target is now always floating 2 inches off the ground. Target can hover but not jump.
Target can fly
A random harmless animal nearby begins emitting an aura of intense evil.
Everything is now a musical. All dialogue must be sung until further notice.
A cuckoo clock bird repeatedly pops out of the target’s mouth twelve times.
Whatever time it is suddenly switches from AM to PM or vice versa.
Target is frozen in time for a round.
A friendly robot appears and insists on serving everyone tea.
A friendly bee appears and insists on helping the target.
Tickled Ivories appears and insists on helping the target.
A mean-spirited, disembodied announcer begins commentating the fight
It’s high noon. All enemy targets in your line of sight take 5 damage.
Suddenly naked!
Turn invisible.
Target vows revenge against cuddly forest animals.
A raincloud appears above target’s head and rains on them wherever they go.
Target begins narrating their internal monologue like a film noir detective
Target suddenly becomes convinced that water is poisonous
Target briefly turns into a giraffe
Target sprouts a gorgeous pair of angelic wings
Target is cursed by an [AMERICAN WIZARD]
All targets on the field are now wearing baseball caps
A frustrated genie appears and is determined to half-ass a wish.
A sexy 60s Cadillac Convertible appears and revs its engines.
A massive, cryptic message appears painted in bright letters on a nearby wall.
Target discovers an enchanted magical sword of legend.
Target becomes completely obsessed by anything shiny.
Target remembers they are the lead in the school play and they are about to miss it.
Target is convinced it is Halloween and they need to throw together a costume right now.
Target bursts into flame
Target becomes ugly.
Target becomes giant.
Target becomes tiny.
Confetti falls from the sky endlessly.
Target becomes convinced that toilet apples are priceless and jealously hoards them.
A dozen doves bursts out of the target’s sleeves
Tango music is constantly playing but only the target can hear it
Target’s skin now changes color based on their mood
Target is now the messiah of an obscure religion.
Target learns an unspeakable truth.
Target now has a saved crit fail to use as a replacement for any roll they wish.
Target now has a saved crit success to use as a replacement for any roll they wish.
The target sneezes confetti.
The next time a target is defeated, a mustache-twirling villain appears out of nowhere to reveal themself as the true villain.
Summon a Lunt
Target turns into their fursona.
Target gains the power of thunder
Target is now voiced by a bad 90s dub actor.
Target gets a call from their frustrated grandmother.
Target goes through a magical girl transformation.
Haboo Snakehole appears and does his thing.
Target gains the speaking mannerisms of Dan Gansley.
Target realizes they’ve forgotten something incredibly important.
Target sees everyone in their underwear.
Target sees everyone as naked but is too embarrassed to admit it.
Target admits one of their kinks. Can be as lewd or tame as you want.
Target gets a pimple! And it’s school picture day!
Prom is tomorrow! And the target needs to find a date!
Target relives their most embarrassing high school moment.
Target suddenly acts like they are in a bad television sitcom.
Find $5 in your coat pocket.
Pick up an absolutely irresistible Canadian Dollar.
Target swaps ages with the nearest person.
Target becomes trapped in a large hamster ball.
Target gains the powers of their Very First Original Character on Deviantart™
Target remains an anime character but switches their anime genre to mecha.
Target remains an anime character but switches their anime genre to sports anime.
Target remains an anime character but switches their anime genre to shoujo romance.
Target is convinced they must act as though they are in a Japanese game show.
Target gains boundless optimism.
Target gains A PROMISE they made to their friends years ago that drives them.
Target reveals they were actually manipulated everyone else in their master plan!
Wild Magic Overdrive. Roll 3 more times and all 3 effects hit random targets.
Target strongly believes they’re a dinosaur.
Part of target’s skin is torn off, revealing a robotic husk underneath.
Target gains the ability to juggle.
Target is auctioned off to the highest bidder.
Target can create flames at will, but only a really tiny one at the tip of their finger.
Target can generate black flames, but the flames only hurt the target.
Target is gifted a lovely bouquet of flowers from a secret admirer.
Target becomes a secret admirer. Secretly give someone a gift over during this fight.
Roll an additional epithet. You have no idea how it works, but you have it for this fight.
Suddenly target really needs to pee.
Target is convinced they only have 24 hours to solve the big case.
Target must confront their inner demons.
Target is convinced an enemy target was once their best friend and the battle is now an “I Know You’re In There Somewhere Fight”
Yo ho ho target takes a bite of Gum Gum.
Target must freestyle rap for 20 seconds about the situation at hand.
Target learns their enemy’s shitty childhood nickname or pet-name.
Target can only call their allies by pet names along the lines of “hun” and “dear”
Target can only call their enemies by pet names along the lines of “hun” and “dear”
Target must get true love’s kiss by midnight to break the curse.
5 friendly gemlings come to the target’s aid. Gemlings have 5 movement and 2 health.
Target’s shadow has a task it must complete and makes attempts to sneak off.
You gain an insatiable craving for French fries. The farthest person from you suddenly has French fries
Target is now carrying a big cartoon bomb with a lit wick.
Target can only speak in d8 word sentences for the remainder of combat.
A random ally begins reading the target’s stream of consciousness aloud.
Toast appears in your mouth and you remember that you are late for school.
Target turns into whatever animal best represents them. They can still talk and act.
A dead ancestor appears and challenges you to a swordfight for your family’s honor.
Target must narrate their next move like an anime villain’s internal monologue.
Something on the GM layer becomes visible.
Player gets the first thing that comes up in Roll20 when you search their epithet.
A mysterious gunman shows up, claiming to have hunted the target for years.
Target becomes invested in a really good book and just can’t put it down.
Everything your lips touch turns to chocolate.
Target is now wearing a pair of sock’em boppers. They will not come off.
Target suddenly remembers that they need to drive the party to soccer practice.
A frog quartet follows the target until they get a nice tip.
Target can tap dance again like they used to... back in the day.
Target is one part of a Voltron-like combining machine that can’t find their other parts.
Target’s arm conceals a built-in laser cannon.
Something in the campaign is now installed with an ejector seat.
A random NPC you will meet during the remainder of this campaign is now secretly a magic genie who is REALLY determined not to grant a wish.
Someone has a mosquito on their butt, give it a smack.
DM tells the target this effect in secret and nothing happens. If the other players forget what the effect was and don’t ask what it was within 1 minute of the game’s completion the target gains +3 proficiency.
Target is been installed with an air bag that will activate the next time they are bumped into or pushed.
Target can briefly see into the future.
Target gets one free phone call to whoever they like.
A spotlight comes down on the target and they must deliver a monologue.
Summon a skeleton that won’t stop apologizing.
Target spends their turn charging up an ultimate attack they do not have. Bluff hard.
Target is delivered 6 large pizzas they didn't order.
Target has a jetpack strapped to them that they have no control over.
Target is now wearing a pair of defensive, yet sassy sentient armor
Target becomes a promise to their friends.
Target’s epithet becomes sentient and visible, like Alcatraz, for the rest of combat.
Target and whoever is nearest them switch voices. Players do impersonations.
No matter where they go, the target is followed by dramatic, ever-blowing wind.
Whenever the target stares at someone they feel intense menace.
Target must sarcastically narrate the backstory of a nearby allies as though they hate them.
Accidentally summon a tree with boobs.
Targets eyes are briefly replaced with ominous glowy glow eyes.
Target swaps sex.
Things around the target get really 90s all of a sudden.
Target now finds ugly things gorgeous and vice versa.
Target gains a lucky sparkler for the remainder of combat. +2 on all rolls.
Crisis alert! The bakery is almost but not completely out of bread.
Crisis alert! A giant but completely benign octopus has appeared in the area.
Summon 4 friendly octo clackers.
Target suddenly knows the location of the nearest collectible stamina upgrade.
Target begins beeping like a metal detector whenever they approach someone they think is attractive.
It’s not like the target likes you or anything, b-baka!
Target finds a Ramsey commission depicting their secret shame in their pocket.
Summon an incompetent detective who is determined to solve the case!
Any ongoing conflict turns into an elaborate game of mousetrap.
Don Infusio appears and sells the target the first garbage Roll20 asset he can find.
Target becomes obsessed with finding “the hidden treasure.” 
Target appears to have burst aflame to everyone else, but is actually fine.
Target transforms into a random mythical creature.
Target has a joy buzzer strapped to their hand and is determined to shake hands.
Target can temporarily roll around at the speed of sound
Target is convinced they have gorgon powers and will petrify people with a glance.
Target falls madly in love with the nearest inanimate object.
Target discovered an open grave nearby with their own name on the tombstone.
Target gains stagefright and a malicious spotlight begins endlessly following them.
Several random targets begin playing hide and seek.
Caster and target must speak in alternating rhyme. Whoever fails the rhyme first will burst into flame.
Target now believes everyone but them has become giant.
Target must speak as though they are in a presidential debate.
YOU WON’T BELIEVE WHAT THIS DOES! (Target must speak like clickbait)
Every time the target uses an ability, they transform into a different animal.
A random trapdoor has been placed on the map.
Target is covered in a sugary glaze like a donut.
Target begins loudly screaming whenever they think someone is lying.
Target has to sing everything they say.
Target leaves behind bright chalky streaks of color wherever they walk.
Target sinks into the ground.
Target becomes convinced they have powerful healing kisses.
The target is haunted by disembodied studio audience reaction sounds.
Target can now be invisible, but only to one person at a time.
Objection! Target has a courtroom breakdown as their lies are revealed!
Danger! The floor is now lava! The rest of the fight must continue on elevated surfaces! If you hit the floor, you lose! Everyone automatically appears on top of the nearest elevated object by default.
Target begins to taste whatever they are looking at.
A giant salt shaker appears and flavors the target. A second target gains a bib.
Target’s high school prom date joins the enemy team. No prom date? Roll for sad.
Target is afflicted with a painful poison. The only cure is the nearest edible foodstuff.
The last thing the target ate today is summoned as an enchanted weapon.
Target gets the item that they most recently considered buying, but didn’t.
All money on the Targets person turns into Gansleybucks. All previously owned Gansleybucks burn, dramatically increasing their value.
Targets left and right arms are swapped until they receive a handshake.
Target receives a codec call from Sgt. Colors.
Obtain the target’s phone number.
Target can now move twice as many spaces so long as they do the ninja run.
Two random targets may now teleport to each other at will.
Target is convinced that they and their nearest ally are a secret crime fighting duo.
Target is convinced they know kung-fu. They do not.
Target can now only act through a series of visual novel Branching Path choices.
Target gains one random Pokemon attack for the remainder of combat.
Target’s facade falls apart to reveal they are actually two children in an overcoat.
Target is suddenly in a wedding dress getting married to a random ally.
Target gains the ability to turn their skin to metal.
Target becomes magnetized.
Target and all targets adjacent speak like grizzled police detectives for 1d4 turns.
Target now needs glasses. If the target has glasses, they now need 3D glasses.
Target is  assaulted by memories of wizard high school, whether you attended or not.
Target now rolls the physically improbable d21 until the end of combat.
Target’s turn ends immediately. Before your next turn replace three words in any of your abilities with “snake”. Lasts until the end of combat.
The remainder of combat must be done through speedrun tactics.
Target is hit by an icy blast for 1d12 damage.
Target is hit by a lightning bolt for 1d12 damage.
Target is hit by a fireball for 1d12 damage.
Target is hit by a gunshot for 1d12 damage.
Target is now totally drenched in water.
An earthquake deals 1d6 damage to all targets hostile to the caster.
An earthquake deals 1d6 damage to all targets allied with the caster.
Target takes 1d4 emotional damage.
Target is now drunk.
Target now has a pair of tight shitty headphones that deal 1d4 damage every turn.
Target now has an itchy spot that they need someone else to scratch.
Target is hit by a cream pie from somewhere unknown and blinded.
Target’s worst fear is summoned.
Target gains an aura that reflects all damage taken back for 1d4 rounds.
Target turns into a snowman. Target can speak and move at half speed. Can melt.
A man in a suit appears and gifts the target a check for one million dollars.
A piece of the surroundings fall over, revealing itself to be a movie setpiece.
A nearby object comes to life and entangles the target.
Target is hit by a cartoon boxing glove for 4 damage and cartoonishly flies off.
Beautiful flowers and plants grow wherever the target walks.
Any metal that comes into contact with the target begins corrodes and rusts away.
Target now squeaks like a rubber toy when they move.
Target finds an object of ancient evil that whispers dark temptations, but no one takes the object seriously.
Target stretches and now occupies two spaces. They look as bad as their icon does.
Target stretches and now occupies four spaces (wide). They look terrible.
Target gains an extra action this round.
The music switches to something totally unfitting for the situation.
Target gets ripped. Like, SUPER buff, man.
Target gets ripped. Like, a piece of paper ripped in HALF, man.
Target can heal others by hugging them and complimenting them. Lasts 5 turns.
Target begins exploding like a 16-bit era boss death animation and has only a few moments to stop it before the animation completes and they are knocked out.
Target gains an onion and just fucking eats it.
Change one letter in your Epithet to change it to another word for this combat.
Target is loyally defended a valiant body pillow.
Target transforms into a helicopter.
Target is out of batteries and must be plugged in.
Target gains a huge stack of ice cream scoops on a cone and is terrified that they will fall over. Keeping the stack from falling is now their number one priority.
Target an acceptance letter from a prestigious university.
Target is now constantly running out of animation budget and has to find inconspicuous ways to save money.
Target gets a call from their parents telling them that they love them.
Target receives a shitty christmas present.
Target gains +1 Movement!
Target permanently gains 3 stamina!
Target permanently gains 3 proficiency!
Target gets a new ability! The GM can make up this new ability at their leisure but should try and give it to the player as soon as possible.